LeftistMediaGroup.org

New Leftist social media site in development

!! all users assigned randomized username. DO NOT SHARE PERSONAL DETAILS assume everyone is a cop !!

Features to come:


Music:
Create and share playlists of leftist music tailored to your friends


Community:

Mentorship
Leftist mentors find connect with new Leftists and share knowledge and experience.


Education:

Intro to Leftistm guides.
Library of leftist texts.
    
    
Organization:

local Praxis meets
choose public place in the city you live.

choose a community praxis task (garbage cleanup, protest, unhoused assistance, ect) 

others in your city rsvp to event and organize goals and supplies

task gets accomplished

Achievement unlocked, Praxis


Emergency Fund:
Directly send money to those in need. 

Recipient posts a request for assistance, specifying situation.

LMG verifies recipient is real person.

Donor selects post, then is given preferred money transfer details for recipient.

Upon successful transaction, recipient may choose to open a chat with the donor to thank them.


Knowledge sharing:

Sophia (forum):

Ask Leftist questions to be answered, discussed, or debated.
Questions can simply be simply answered or escalated into a formal debate with Debate Blocks.

Evidence based, community Debate Blocks.

Within traditional debate, you have a thesis or main point, and that's made up of premises or single arguments.

Within Sophia, things are the same, but a bit different, Sophia uses rectangular blocks to visualize argumentation.

First, there is a main point to be debated that is titled with a debatable thesis eg. "Anarcho-syndaclism is a progression from state-communism", then you can post a premise block to the discussion.

Each premise block is a 2D rectangle covered in text.

Premise blocks are divided into supporting (green), neutral (grey), or opposing (red).

Multiple premises can connected to a thesis in a one way direction.

If someone has thoughts on your premise, they can post a thought, or add a premise to your premise that either supports, opposes or is neutral to your premise. 

Sophia will generate meaningful, thought progressing ideas and Praxis.